Added short guide for connecting kratos to AzureAD (#433)
ory/kratos: docs/versioned_docs/version-v0.3/guides/sign-in-with-github-google-facebook-linkedin.mdx

Next, open the login endpoint of the SecureApp and you should see the GitHub
Login option!

## Microsoft

This will enable you to log in using any Azure AD directory - Multitenant and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox) depending on the settings made when creating the application in Azure AD.

To set up "Sign in with Microsoft" you must first register an application
[Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app).

It might be nessecary to enable the implicit grant flow for access tokens and ID tokens.

Set the "Authorization callback URL" to:

```
https://public.server.fqdn.example.org/.ory/kratos/public/self-service/browser/flows/strategies/oidc/callback/azuread
```

The pattern of this URL is:

```
http(s)://<domain-of-ory-kratos>:<public-port>/self-service/browser/flows/strategies/oidc/callback/<provider-id>
```

```json title="contrib/quickstart/kratos/email-password/oidc.azuread.jsonnet"
# claims contains all the data sent by the upstream.
local claims = std.extVar('claims');
{
  identity: {
    traits: {

>       email: claims.email

Reviewer: Does AzureAD include `email_verified`? If so, we should probably add a warning here as we did for Google/GitHub: https://github.com/ory/kratos/pull/433/files#diff-2a62fee703dc56d70e23792e010a5a01L67-L73

Author: There is an optional claim, verified_primary_email that can be queried. 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims

Author: @aeneasr - I read up on the issue on the Microsoft documentation, it seems like the same issue with unverified e-mails applies for Microsoft accounts as for GitHub, however, if you are using a corporate AzureAD (one you have control over), this does not apply and the email is to be considered as "verified". I did try to extract the verified_primary_email token that should theoretically work for this, however I did not have success at the moment (and it is not needed for my use-case). I think the documentation I submitted should be good to go with the warning / links attached.

Reviewer: Ok, sounds good!

{
  identity: {
    traits: {
      // Allowing unverified email addresses enables account
      // enumeration attacks, especially if the value is used for
      // e.g. verification or as a password login identifier.
      //
      // If connecting only to your organization (one tenant), claims.email is safe to use if you have not actively disabled e-mail   
      //verification during signup.
      email: claims.email
    },
  },
}
```

> See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/user-flow-disable-email-verification for warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also see ["Disable email verification during customer sign-up in Azure Active Directory B2C"] for warnings.
```
